# Team6-PyCharmTemplate
# To have the best experience when utilizing this app, the group used PyCharm to launch the project. Database credentials are loaded into the code and the Database Navigator plugin was downloaded for this Python file. Mysql-connector was used as an interpreter for the database. In addition, the pip install pillow command was used in the cmd window to process the images used in the file.
# 4 images in total were utilized for the making of this project: mtn_img.png, peak.png, pit.png, Journal.png 
# This Python GUI Application is designed to gain employee feedback for a company by providing a motivating environment in which employees can log their work day through a journaling experience. 
# First, the user will encounter a login page. The employee will receive their login credentials from the company so that the company can keep track of who is providing feedback, how frequently, and take note of possible improvements the company can make to the workplace. -- An example login credential is commented out in the code if someone would like to test out the app themselves. Example Login: Username- sauer.price | Password- afcf97aeaa2acfbc9c9f856bcc53744a   
# Once the credential is validated, the employee will come across the Welcome Page which contains the current log date and Enter button to enter the journal.  environment 
# Next, the user will be presented with the pit window (low). Here the employee will be prompted with the journaling question of: "What was the most challenging part of your day?". Here, the employee will provide feedback on the not-so-great part of their work day. The user will click the Next button to be presented with the next journaling question.
# After the user has selected Next, the employee will answer the peak (high) journaling question of " What was the best part of your day?". The employee will then submit their feedback by clicking the Submit button. 
# Lastly, once submitted, the employee will be shown the, Thank you for your feedback window which will incentivize the employee with a different motivational quote after each submission   
